README.md, before:

# PhoenixStarter

To start your Phoenix app:
  * Install dependencies and setup database with `bin/setup`
  * Start Phoenix and webpack with `bin/server`

To test and lint your app you can also do:
  * `bin/test` to run the Phoenix test suite
  * `bin/lint` to lint CSS, Javascript and Elixir code
  * `bin/ci` to replicate the CI pipeline, which runs all of the above.

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

Ready to run in production? Please [check our deployment guides](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/deployment.html).

## Diferences to the `phx.new`

`phx new` does a great job of a bootstrapping a Phoenix app for you, but we usually run things a little different. This template has a few differences, mostly on the frontend side of things. We run all of our frontend code through `Snowpack` and that can be deployed as a standalone app. Here we serve the app at the `root` of the project, so `/`, and catching all fallback requests there, so client-side routing works. You can however, split it up entirely and serve the frontend at a different place.

Also, one of the most important changes is the usage of `wallaby` to make fullstack integration testing. So we can test the whole application. That's where the `PageController` acts, serving the `index.html` that snowpack produces during tests.

During development, you should use the build from the `snowpack` dev-server under port 8080. The frontend is automatically configured to use `localhost:4000` (phoenix endpoints) during dev, and `/` on testing and production.

## Auth

We also have a basic auth set up. You check the login routes on the frontend and the logic on the backend. Currently there is sign up, login and logout logic. The auth logic can work via the `Phoenix` session, which in turn uses a secure cookie, which is also advised for web clients.

User's have a email and a password (hashed with argon2). Currently there is no email logic, but that is on the roadmap.

## About

This starter kit is developed and maintained by Finiam.

Leave potential improvements and suggestions as issues on Github. Anything else reach us via [email](mailto:contact@finiam.com).

Commit message:

Use foreman to start the development server (#313)
Our `bin/server` script caused some formatting issues and was a bit brittle in regards to zombie node processed and the like. For example, if the `elixir` process crashed, the script would exit and you would have a zombie process (snowpack) even with the traps and the like. And it wasn't that cross platform.

Like our `rails-starter` we decided to use foreman. Both linux and mac users can easily install it.

This way you get a nice way of running both the snowpack dev server and iex without issues.

README.md, after:

# PhoenixStarter

A starter that combines Phoenix + Snowpack + React. (but you can use anything else, like Svelte, which is great)

## Prerequisites

- postgres - install via Homebrew or your preferred package manager
- asdf-vm - [check their website](https://asdf-vm.com/#/core-manage-asdf)
- foreman - `foreman` on Homebrew and `ruby-foreman` on Ubuntu

## Getting Started

To start your Phoenix app:
  * Install dependencies and setup database with `bin/setup`
  * Start Phoenix and webpack with `bin/server`

To test and lint your app you can also do:
  * `bin/test` to run the Phoenix test suite
  * `bin/lint` to lint CSS, Javascript and Elixir code
  * `bin/ci` to replicate the CI pipeline, which runs all of the above.

Now you can visit [`localhost:4000`](http://localhost:4000) from your browser.

Ready to run in production? Please [check our deployment guides](https://hexdocs.pm/phoenix/deployment.html).

## Diferences to the `phx.new`

`phx new` does a great job of a bootstrapping a Phoenix app for you, but we usually run things a little different. This template has a few differences, mostly on the frontend side of things. We run all of our frontend code through `Snowpack` and that can be deployed as a standalone app. Here we serve the app at the `root` of the project, so `/`, and catching all fallback requests there, so client-side routing works. You can however, split it up entirely and serve the frontend at a different place.

Also, one of the most important changes is the usage of `wallaby` to make fullstack integration testing. So we can test the whole application. That's where the `PageController` acts, serving the `index.html` that snowpack produces during tests.

During development, you should use the build from the `snowpack` dev-server under port 8080. The frontend is automatically configured to use `localhost:4000` (phoenix endpoints) during dev, and `/` on testing and production.

## Auth

We also have a basic auth set up. You check the login routes on the frontend and the logic on the backend. Currently there is sign up, login and logout logic. The auth logic can work via the `Phoenix` session, which in turn uses a secure cookie, which is also advised for web clients.

User's have a email and a password (hashed with argon2). Currently there is no email logic, but that is on the roadmap.

## About

This starter kit is developed and maintained by Finiam.

Leave potential improvements and suggestions as issues on Github. Anything else reach us via [email](mailto:contact@finiam.com).
